Half
hour away from the opens in Hong Kong,
Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're watching
the China Show. I'm Yvon Man with
Annabelle Jewelers.
>> Our top stories, Asian stocks mixed this
morning. Oil is under pressure and
Chinese equities in focus after
industrial profits surged in August amid
signs that policies to address over
capacity in the economy are bearing
fruit. We're watching EV makers,
automakers in China potentially may need
permits now to export their EVs from
next year as Beijing moves to tighten
management of the world's largest car
market.
>> Also ahead, how new world's troubles
have become a cautionary tale for Hong
Kong's tycoons and their heirs.
>> Plus, we're going to dig deep into
China's soft power with author Sio
Tingfu and whether this trend can last.
[Music]
Well, happy Monday. We are coming into
the morning session today with stocks
looking a little bit mixed. So, of
course, you can see here the nicke is
really the outlier, down 1% so far, but
actually across the board, other
markets, you are moving a bit higher.
Overall, the gauge though is a little
bit in the red. So the sort of narrative
here is yes, you've got Japan under
pressure, but it does seem like some of
the gains we saw from US close on Friday
could be passing through today as well.
So a lot of that was really reinforced
by that PCE data that told us still that
expectation is there the Fed will
continue its easing trajectory as that
PCE data came mostly in line with
expectations. What else we're tracking
is very much what we're seeing in oil
markets today because we have seen it
sliding today. Uh there is some sources
based information we have around the
upcoming OPEC plus meeting. Perhaps they
could be looking at a bigger than
expected supply increase. There's
already one on the way for October, but
there could be an even bigger one that
they could be mulling for November as
well. Uh overall as well, what else
we're tracking today is really just
what's going to be a pretty busy week
ahead. You've got a looming US
government shutdown, US jobs data as
well. Tank and survey in Japan. I mean,
there's a really a lot for investors to
keep a handle on, plus some rate
decisions, PMI data on the way. Let's
take a look at at this terminal chart as
well because we're going to be focusing
very closely on what happens in China
markets today because yes, we did see
that golden dragon index in the US
dipping to end the week, but we're
hearing more and more investors that are
coming back into this market. Is China
now sort of shedding its uninvestable
tag that was talked about going back to
2021. But you see this terminal chart
here taking a look at the Eyesshares
China focused ETF. That is the line that
is moving here in white. and you are
just seeing those flows into it
continuing to increase at the expense of
EM markets exchina so it's corresponding
iShares ETF as well so we'll leave that
there get more on that in just a moment
but looking into the open as well today
what we're seeing in futures here again
just some modest gains expected but you
do have a couple of things to track
firstly you had that industrial profits
rebound uh over the weekend so that's
obviously a sign of optimism but you are
coming up against that PMI data as well
later this week that could show that
further contraction we're seeing in the
third quarter of
>> yeah that could be the big test here
especially we're just two days away from
the golden week holiday so we're going
to see if there's any signs emerging
here in terms of domestic demand coming
back in a big way brings us to the
agenda here today and what to watch so
HSI has been seeing a bit of a pullback
though take a look at those uh the small
caps continue to be on that win streak
here as we can track track this whole AI
theme so we're we're seeing eight weeks
of of gains there which is the longest
streak since 2015 for that benchmark
there auto stocks. We talk about what we
heard uh when it comes to you know
export licenses and the like there we
did see the likes of Lee Auto really
fall in the in the US session uh on
Friday as well in the back of that news
we talked about oil certainly again what
we've seen with OPEC plus new world
development earnings came out uh which
was pretty bad we're going to talk a
little bit more about that here second
year of losses for the developer and
that rememb uh in focus here today but
yes it brings to mind the data right you
mentioned about this surprise jump in
the industrial profits we didn't think
it was going to be 20% gains Yes,
>> you got to wonder is it just base
effects that we're talking about or
really signs of this whole
anti-involution campaign really bearing
fruit now.
>> Yeah. Well, that actually was one of the
factors that was cited even by
government officials. Yes, there is a
sort of low baseline effect, but they're
also looking at macroeconomic policies.
Are they starting to see this curb of
anti-involution actually starting to
take effect more unified or a more
advanced unified national market as
well? Another factor that was cited. But
you take a look, I mean on the month,
yeah, huge recovery there. And then when
you take a look across the course of the
year, I mean, you're still seeing gains
and it was a contraction that was
expected as well,
>> right? And and be has an interesting
call on all this, right? They said,
"Look, it's encouraging that we're
seeing these numbers." And it was a
surprise to them as well. The headline
numbers look good, but then again,
looking ahead, it it was material
prices, low year base effect that
probably supported it. But you have to
talk about demand, right? Is the demand
picture looking better? They're saying
that might still be absent. So durable
industrial cover needs to be driven by
recovery in aggregate demand that they
still haven't quite seen just yet. So I
think you know this brings the whole PMI
discussion as you mentioned also brings
the golden week holiday numbers that we
come out at the end of this 8week 8day
holiday I think would be ever more
important this time around. because you
really need to see what is that domestic
consumer looking like in China and are
you actually starting to see to your
point that demand coming back in a
sustained way but let's get more on this
now bring in Gareth Nicholson he's CIO
and head of discretionary portfolio
management and amora so Gareth put it in
perspective for us you would have seen
the data as well and and how does that
track against your expectations around
PMI your expectations for the golden
week holiday as well
>> yeah morning and thank you um I think
you know for us China and you
highlighted early
The idea that it was ever uninvestable
was never really on our radar. But for a
long time, we have to admit it was a
tactical trade. A trade where you were
willing to give up some of the upside to
ensure that you had capital protection,
that you were able to play it
tactically. You had liquidity. But I
think that is changing now. The data is
coming through stronger. We are seeing
positive signs of fiscal stimulus coming
through to the system. PMI is going to
be interesting. I think I honestly feel
golden week data around travel and
retail will probably be more uh uh uh
telling um those numbers are going to
give a real feel for are we seeing
Chinese buy Chinese stocks? Are we
seeing Chinese spend their money again?
And that is a real key element for
international investors to start
shifting long-term money back into
China. When you start seeing the local
base buy, that creates a flaw that
creates a real stickiness that investors
like. And I think we're starting to see
the signs of that. And that's why I
think you're seeing more asset managers
start committing to longerterm
allocation to China once again instead
of more the tactical play where we're
looking for a measured upside. So
exciting space.
>> Yeah. You mentioned this industrial
profit number maybe injecting some life
back into equities but you still call it
a fragile riskon story. What still makes
it fragile Gareth?
Well, if we do see uh retail and travel
disappoint and we do see PMI trend uh
moving down negative, there is this
disinflation fear that's still there.
Fiscal stimulus has been slow and steady
and and maybe that is the right way. Uh
you we've seen in the past in other
economies the huge uh bazooka effects to
try and get the economy going at full
speed. Um Chinese government's not doing
that. So there is still a a potential of
this the disinflation fear to come in
and we have the turnaround. So it is
still relatively early to the long term.
This is a shift for if you would call
long only money for real money for the
kind of sticky insurance money to start
shifting back to China. I think the fast
money has been doing it for a while. the
tactical money is there and it's been a
great trade, but we need to see a little
bit more um macroeconomic strength for
to see a huge trend and that's when
we're going to have the longerterm
rally. Uh so it's it's at that pivot
point. Uh everyone's going to be keeping
a very close eye on this week. Uh
there's a lot of tailwind. We're
supportive. We think it's going to be in
the right direction. Um but we'll have
to wait and see.
A lot of the the the strength of the
rally as well has been predicated on
this this assumption that that China is
really moving ahead on the global stage
when it comes to AI and their economy
maybe has been withstanding a little bit
better than expected that the pressures
from the US as well. So is that where
you're putting your money though into
that AI trade and and which aspect of it
as well are you looking at?
Well, I think if we talk about the AI
trade um and we can chat about the the
US in a sec, but we are seeing the
opportunity in the US is a grand higher.
It's not an easy trade. It's already
starting to expand into other you know
uh names beyond the mag 7. So people are
looking for other opportunities in the
space. The idea of diversifying out of
the US given most investors have a large
over the way to the US is attractive.
Where do you go? uh in Asia, India is
struggling at the moment from an
investment perspective. Japan has still
uncertainties around the currency uh and
the uh the the outlook of the rates.
China becomes interesting and you don't
need a big shift from the amount of
money that's in the AI store in the US
to move the needle in China. Plus, you
have some of the money from uh from
India moving back into China. So, I
think following the flow has been very
interesting. And we think that's going
to be the main tie to see this next
catalyst of change, this next shift
upwards. Where in the China in
particular, um we still prefer sectors
that are of government strategic value.
So it's uh it's the resilience sectors,
it's tech resilience, it's defense
resilience, it's energy resilience, it's
food resilience. These are sectors the
government's clearly made a priority. Uh
they're supporting it and I think
companies in that space are continue to
to benefit from. uh a nice tailwind.
>> Um Gareth, you talked about there's so
many different types of ways to play it
now in AI. We talk about the Mag 7 and
really it's broaden out beyond that when
you want to look for opportunities in
AI. It's the oracles. It's the Broadcoms
of the world now in China as well,
right? You have to look a bit more
granular beyond just the Alibabas of the
world. I mean that certainly still is
the darling trade but you really have to
look very granular into this whole
supply chain in terms of the themes
right now.
>> Yeah. I mean I think if to be honest in
the US you have to really you know fine
tooth comb we're looking at uh private
credit into enterprise software you're
looking at uh private infrastructure
private equity in different spaces VC
there there's so many different vehicles
to uh to really get into the into the
sector into the industry as we know in
the US public markets versus private
markets private markets is a huge
component and public markets is uh uh
there is just so much focus there is
very difficult to find alpha when it
comes to China. I think the alpha
opportunity is still stronger. Yes, the
very big names are very well watched and
very well covered and it's difficult to
see an clear opportunity. So, you need
to go slightly broader. But I don't
think anywhere near the US where the US
uh people are looking uh far and wide to
find value in the sector. In China, I
still think there is opportunity in in
tier two. You don't need to be going to
four and five.
Gareth, hold that thought. We'll have
more from Gareth Nicholson there, CIO
and head of discretionary portfolio
management at Namura. And still ahead,
we're going to talk about new world
development reporting. A second straight
year of losses, and we take a close look
how the developers troubles have become
a cautionary tale for the city's tycoons
and their heirs. And we're coming out
the opens of trade in Shanghai,
Shenzhen, and Hong Kong on this Monday
morning. This is the China show.
[Music]
All right, we are 15 minutes away from
the market open this morning and again
just continuing to see these
expectations. We'll see a bit of a pop
at the open. We did have strong
industrial profits figures over the
weekend. So that's sort of a nice ahead
or tailwind rather coming into the
session today. But we are coming up
against PMI data for instance. That's
going to be one of the primary things to
track this week and you could see that
data just continuing to show that
slowing in the third quarter. Otherwise,
it's a pretty busy week ahead really. I
mean, especially when you've got Golden
Week holiday coming up among amongst a
lot of the Asian region here, but you've
got an RBA decision for instance,
they're expected to stay steady. RBI as
well, they could be looking to cut their
rates. Plus, you've got that
allimportant uh Zin Gold uh debut this
week that was actually supposed to be
last week, but it was delayed due to the
typhoon.
>> Yeah. So, we're set to take a look at
that, right? But certainly, it's
interesting when you take a look at Zing
mining, that stock in Hong Kong has
basically been trading at a premium um
leading up to this IPO of of course the
international sort of side of things.
So, certainly that's one thing to watch.
I think the biggest thing probably
amongst some of the bond traders is this
US jobs report, right? And whether we
see anything there that can change
market expectations. Still with us is
Gareth Nicholson, CIO and head
discretionary portfolio management at
Numura. Gareth. Yeah. I think one
question is whether this government
shutdown, can they avoid it so that we
actually see these jobs numbers? But in
particular for the bond market, I mean,
is there anything that you think in this
print that could change what's already
been near guaranteed pricing that we
might actually see a Fed rate cut in
October? Do you think anything could
change that view?
>> Well, I think if we don't get the the
data report, that could change the view.
Uh so to your point uh if the shutdown
1159 uh there is no negotiation and the
BLS um non-essential uh um closure of uh
of functionality which includes the the
payroll report not coming out if this
happens um I think you know traders hate
that they hate the uncertainty. Labor
market is a huge indicator of of where
risk is going to go. Um now this is
definitely not our base case but with
many things in geopolitics this year the
base case has turned out to be off. So,
we're keeping a very close eye onto uh
30th September to to see how that plays
out. Uh get past that. Non-farm
payrolls. We don't expect a big
surprise. We expect actually a
relatively weak labor is a fuel for the
rally. Um that will continue to put
pressure on the front end to come down.
We expect rate cut in October and
December and a few more next year. Um
this is a little bit more than an
insurance cut. uh there is weakness
forming but uh um you know the market is
seeing through that but the economy is
struggling a little bit. from a from a
labor perspective, slightly weaker labor
fuel for the rally. Uh and we think the
this will again 100% price in the
October rate cut, which is our base
case.
>> And against that backdrop, you you've
continued to see the rally in metals in
precious metals in particular. I mean,
gold's continued to to rally, but you're
looking at silver in particular.
>> Well, for us, um gold was one of those
uh goodlucky calls. We we like gold for
the last eight nine months. We like gold
miners. Uh that has done fantastically
while we still feel the rally is strong
there for the reasons that this is a
diversifier. This is something central
banks will continue to buy on the dip.
This is something that a lot of
investors are really seeing the momentum
and carrying on buying. Now um silver to
a lesser extent is also getting a
similar shine. Uh it has different
industrial values. It also is seen as a
uh some sort of store of value. Uh and
it has lagged this tremendous rally in
gold. Uh so we expect it to be an
interesting opportunity uh for for
investors that are looking to diversify
out of their traditional bonds and
equities when they're looking for real
resilience. They need to look at
alternatives and alternatives include
private, they include hedge funds, they
also include commodities and our top
commodity picks at the moment would be
gold and silver. Um so yeah it's
something that we we think from a
technical from a valuation perspective
is interesting.
>> Uh Gareth we've also been talking about
the dollar moves and and this reversal
in the dollar of late right and and it
seems like it the dollar has been
negatively correlated with risky assets
uh for much of this year. Do you see any
signs of change there when it comes to
the direction of the dollar?
Well, this one I may be slightly off
consensus. Uh if you look at many of the
the large newspaper providers, they
they're suggesting that most houses are
continuing to see a strong weakness in
the dollar from here. For me, um if
we're going to get a weak dollar, we
need to see strength going to something
else. And the the few biggest uh areas
there would be the euro, would be
sterling, would be Swissy, would be the
yen. Uh and I don't see major strength
out of those currencies to offset a
major weakness in the dollar. So
actually at these levels with the Fed
likely to cut twice this year, I can see
a a a sideways move to a slightly higher
dollar value from here. Uh it's
tactical. There's not a super high
conviction, but I don't think the the
move in the currency is going to offset
for instance uh buying US equities. I I
do think that the dollar is going to be
more of a sideways move for the rest of
the year given uh front end rates are
going to be coming down. uh uh and it's
already pretty low pretty near the the
historical lows or the recent historical
lows uh the DXY.
>> What does that mean then for for the
Japanese yen and the trading from here?
>> So Japanese yen I think that the story
will become a lot more domestic focused.
So the tank survey will really give us
an indication of um what is happening on
the ground. This is the last box to tick
for the big pivot for the rate hike out
of the BOJ. We expect an October hike.
Uh we've been calling this for some
time. That will start this chain where
people will see okay rates going up. Uh
there will be a transfer of money from
abroad coming back into Japan. Uh yes,
that will put pressure on the dollar but
uh I think it's going to be more a case
of uh um putting strength to to the yen.
We expect a 140 uh by the end of the
year. That is our house view. So some
way from here we you know from an
interventionist perspective I think
everyone has put the line on about 150.
Um I think that could be pushed around a
bit given still some time between now
and the BOJ rates hike but really we see
further strengthening in the yen given
uh the central bank's action given the
relatively strong economy given where
inflation is going for the rest of the
year.
>> Okay. Uh, I was watching I'm we I think
we've gone through almost all 10 of your
market battlegrounds to watch this week.
I think we we the last one is really the
RBA. Why is the RBA important this week,
Gareth?
>> I Well, uh, I was to be 100% honest. I
could have stopped at 10 battlegrounds.
Uh, sorry, nine battlegrounds, but but
the 10th one is interesting to see where
the RBA is going. they have in the past
been a bit of a front uh front runner
either s to hike before the rest or
cutting before. So it's interesting to
see how they're gauging. Uh you know
Australian economy is obviously very
strong has been historically so they can
kind of run at their own speed but we
don't expect much action from the RBA.
It's going to be more just of a guidance
than an actual action. Uh but we're
looking forward to see where the
guidance is going to come from the RBA
and see if there's any surprises there.
In a market where things are, you know,
continuing to grind higher, uh market is
strong, uh risk is on, uh from an
investment perspective, you really want
to look at if there's any signals that
are going to give you an indication of
okay, this is the time to act. At the
moment, it's hold on uh keep riding uh
but be very careful when you need to uh
you know to shift to gear.
Um Gareth, yeah, thank you so much. We
went through everything, but thank you
so much for joining us. Gareth
Nicholson, CEO and head of discretionary
portfolio management at Namora. In terms
of your pre-market here right now, oh
looks like Hang Sang looks to be set for
a pretty decent open here today. We're
up about 3/4 of 1%. Your REM reference
rate just crossing there 71089
as well. You are seeing some strength in
the currency too. We're at 713 levels
for dollar China. We have plenty more
ahead including your analyst actions.
Alibaba certainly in focus once again.
[Music]
You're watching the China show. We are 5
minutes away from the open this morning
and you're continuing to see in futures
here just incremental gains. So it's
looking like again we're going to see a
pretty solid open to start the week here
today. Yeah, looks like Alibaba could be
front and center once again. We have an
analyst upgrade when it comes to Morgan
Stanley really raising their price
target for the ADRs by some 20% or more.
And they really are talking about this
whole cloud outlook here. Higher cloud
growth estimates and really this is
after that whole Appsara conference.
>> Yeah, that was last week. And then the
company of course outlined what's going
to be a very ambitious uh expansion of
their overall AI budget. They didn't put
a dollar figure on it, but we know
already $50 billion is planned for
investment. Yeah.
>> So just continuing to scale that higher.
>> Yeah. This whole analogy of a full
stack, right? That certainly is what the
market is really kind of getting very
optimistic about. So that price target
for the ADR is lifted to 200 from 165.
They still remain overweight on the
stock. You're seeing when it comes to
Hong Kong listed shares, they're just
slightly to the upside here this
morning. In terms of other stocks we're
watching as New World, uh, those
earnings came out on Friday after
markets closed. And yes, second year of
losses. There you go. We're down two and
a half percent. A lot of the analysts
say, you know, rising leverage by asset
writedowns is something that they're
watching out for as well. Um, so they
they might continue to suffer loss
according to some analysts out there as
well. Tencent is interesting in the AI
story. They're releasing an open- source
is AI image generation model. Not sure
what I just read there, Belle. Maybe you
can.
>> It's essentially a chat tool that can
create an image for you instead of
creating text. So you have textbased
models, AI image generation. But you
sort of see that trend here of what
would be considered a multimodal
approach to AI. So you can spit out
text, audio, interpret video. It's it's
it's, you know, a lot more than just
have a simple chatbot essentially.
>> Are those all those AI pictures that I
get sometimes and I wonder if they're
real or not.
>> Well, they're fake. They're fake. If you
read the comments, they're fake.
>> Yeah. Uh I sometimes I really have to
question what I see on my social media
feed. All right, Heidi Lao Yam China. Of
course, we've been talking about uh when
it comes to Golden Week and what we're
expecting in terms of, you know, rides
and and trips and all that here. Uh
we're talking about food safety first,
unveiling food safety rules for chain
restaurants. That is impacting some of
these names as well, but certainly
they're talking about 2.3 billion trips
being made during that 8 day holiday.
Certainly one to watch. Auto sector also
one to watch here given what we heard
from regulators tightening export rules
with permits. We got the open coming up
next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show and we're counting down to the open
of markets this morning. You know, one
of the best read stories so far on the
terminal today is this one. China's
markets shed uninvestable tag as global
funds return. And that is sort of one of
the key themes they're watching. Global
investors becoming more bullish on
Chinese equities once again.
>> Yeah. And I think there's some reason
this time to to see that things could
extend given what we saw with those
industrial profit numbers there where
basically that surprise jump of 20%
certainly does lift at least maybe the
data is starting to look a little bit
better, right? But that was one of the
things that was missing in this rally.
In some ways, you are starting to see at
least policy uh helping there in terms
of repairing industrial sector and the
like. Anti-involution seems to be
working as well. So maybe that's enough,
but the demand picture is still the key
question mark, right? And we'll see if
the golden week numbers that come out in
terms of trips and the like is going to
help uh with that. In terms of what
we're seeing in the markets here, onore
markets are slightly to the upside here
as well. As we talk about MSEI China,
we're set for a fifth month of gains as
we wrap up of course the trading month.
Uh we're on one of the longest winning
streaks when it comes to the China X as
well. Eight weeks of gains that we saw
rack up last week as well. So that's the
longest we've seen since 2015. Uh
Chinese 10ear and 30-year bond yields
have been tracking that as well. We're
coming off a little bit now, but we're
basically still hovering around the
highest level since this year of 2025.
So certainly that's still one to watch
this slight meltup uh in the bond market
yields picture. Uh crude is slightly to
the upside here. Follow what we're
seeing when it comes to Brent prices
here. this report and signs that maybe
OPEC plus may be looking into actually
uh increasing output here. But then
again, oil prices are actually down.
Shanghai crude is to the upside. Uh
watching Krepon, that's the one that's
actually down 1% here right now. Take a
look. CL a shares that continues to be
an up arrow story. We're up close to 2%
for CL now. All really on this whole ESS
energy storage demand picture. They seem
to think now a lot of analysts seem to
think that's the next thing to watch
when it comes uh to the battery sector.
uh what we're watching in Hong Kong
obviously we talk about this you know
the winning streak in MSEI China that's
certainly one thing to watch here we're
seeing gains of well 710 of 1% HStech is
up 1% Alibaba there you go up from
Morgan Stanley in terms of the price
target that certainly is helping we're
up 2% for the Hong Kong listed shares
the analyst upgrade was for the ADRs but
still enough to give a bit more momentum
behind this BU as well as Muan there you
go we're up 1.6% 6%. Xiaomi as well
doing very well. So certainly there's a
lot to look ahead to. Eight shares are
doing quite well. Uh we're watching EV
stocks though, right Bal? We we were
talking about the government tightening
these EV export rules. So you have to
get a permit now uh if you are looking
to ship you know overseas. A lot of
questions though still what does this
mean for some of these western sort of
automakers that do make cars in China?
That certainly is one thing uh that
we're tracking. Can we see how the EV
stocks are doing? Because on Friday
after that news came out, we saw the
ADRs in the US like Lee Auto basically
fall quite a bit here. It's a mixed
picture right now, but XPang NEO are
down. Cherry Auto Bid are up right now.
Oil stocks as we talk about, right? So
oil prices are down. Concerns that maybe
OPEC plus might be actually uh here to
raise their output. There you go. Oil
stocks also bit mix here this morning
too. Yeah, but as you said, I mean, it's
largely an an up arrow story we're
seeing so far with Chinese markets and
it takes us back into that story that's
doing so well today about Chinese
markets shedding their uninvestable
tanks. Let's get more with one of the
lead reporters on this, Winnie Shu joins
us here. So, Winnie, just talk us
through, I guess, the catalyst for this
trend, but also the way that it's being
expressed because there are a few
different ways.
>> Yeah, exactly. So, I think it's just a
very exciting moment. We were hearing
that China was uninvestable back in 2021
and finally things are turning around,
right? And we've got sellside notes
coming through in the past few weeks or
months uh saying that for example from
Morgan Stanley that um the Asia loan
only funds are turning more overweight
on China and also Goldman Sachs saying
that they're seeing the most um activity
around hedge funds for Chinese equities
in August and that's the first since
many years. But this time around very
interestingly we're also seeing that
official data is showing that kind of
trend. We saw from PBOC's data um that
the um it's the foreign fund flows are
rising across assets whether it's
equities, bonds, um loans, deposits and
that's the first time since 2021. So
these um the data from the PBOC and also
from foreign funds really uh pointing to
that trend starting to to unwind.
>> And how sustainable will this trend be?
Yeah, for now I think most likely it
would be sustainable because there are
those different factors that are
supporting whether it's that AI theme
that's still there, the low valuation
and kind of just divergence away from
the the US assets, right? We've got the
lower uh US dollar because the Fed cut,
but that also supports the stronger yen
and we saw the strongest yen since um
November or so. and that positive cycle
between the UN and equities likely to go
into an um attracting more foreign funds
to come through. But I guess one caution
is around kind of the appetite for the
global loan only funds because US
investors especially the pension funds
they are still quite worried about this
geopolitical tensions between US and
China still a bit cautious and a bit
underweight there.
>> Yeah, just get more into the risks on
that. I mean, how big are those risks?
Because we have seen geopolitical risks,
I mean, for a long time and and
investors do to sort of periodically get
concerned, but then shrug them off.
>> Yeah, it is a tricky topic right now,
isn't it? Because overall, yes, we've
seen um investors shugging shrugging off
those risk and seems like there is some
warm up in the relationship between US
and China, but then we also saw the
recent tariffs around um the the
pharmaceutical companies. So it's it's
still a little bit hard for investors to
kind of predict what kind of a big
tariff that might come um and if that
might going to hit the pharma companies
or if that might um actually affect the
chip makers. So those are still that big
concern or uncertainty that might be um
affecting markets. But we recently did
um an interesting survey um for
investors and we are hearing from um the
Chinese investors that they also expect
that foreign funds are going to be the
biggest catalyst for Chinese equities
towards your end.
>> Okay. Uh we were talking about the AI
trade certainly that's been leading this
whole rally. I mean Alibaba certainly is
the household name but you know there's
also a lot of other stocks that are
rallying you know a lot right. I think
they get very very specific like what's
it called? Uh optical transceivers. Tell
us a little bit more about those.
>> Yes, it's it's really interesting,
right? Because the the top three uh
stocks that have been rising and triple
gains this year are actually these
optical transceivers and they are
essential when it comes to uh kind of in
in the chipm process and um kind of um
moving the signals um across different
chips. So we I think the interesting
part is that we are finally seeing that
optimism going from just chip makers to
the other supply chains. The other day
we were hearing that um the in investors
are quite optimistic about the cooling
system because that's also going to be
used in these um in this chip chip
makers um the manufacturing process and
with that additional order coming
through from the data centers and with
the AI optimism and interestingly this
time it's because it's not just the
optimism for the uh Chinese AI theme
it's also the global tech theme right
these companies actually get a lot of
revenue from the mega got uh the mega7
um companies as well. So both sides of
the demand rising to support these
socks.
>> Yeah. So Jongu Etolink and SUJO TFC.
Yeah, certainly mouthful there. But
yeah, certainly one to look ahead to.
Wish our Asia equities reporter there on
all things China here this morning. Uh
we talked about the EV sector. Certainly
that's the one thing to watch where
automakers now will need permits to
export EVs starting next year and adding
to signs that officials are tightening
control over the world's largest car
makers. Interesting. we're not seeing a
a very strong sort of reaction to it
right now and but given it's interesting
right because I mean this is the very
industry that China is trying to promote
why are they limiting
>> I actually find it really fascinating
and I think it's sort of I guess a
maturation of the industry as well what
China wants is healthy development
>> and so this is a way to also curb
anti-involution I mean they just want to
have permits so that essentially they
know how many EVs are going abroad we
already see permits in place for for
other types of cars you see them for
motorbikes as well. So, I mean, we know
there's been intense competitive
pressures in the EV industry. This is
maybe one way they're trying to bring
that a little bit under control.
>> Yeah. Maybe e some of the geopolitical
tensions, particularly when it comes to
the EU, which is has already imposed
some hefty tariffs uh to stem the flow
of some of these Chinese exports, right?
So, that's one thing to watch. Um let's
take a look at when it comes to New
World, right? This one continues to be a
very down story here. We're now seeing
losses of about 7% after reporting a
second year of losses for the developer
here and and obviously it's it's one of
our big takes this morning is really
about the whole Chang family and where
are they going to move from here but yes
analysts are saying uh more downside to
come really when it comes to the
financial side of things.
>> Yeah, absolutely. It's really a
fascinating story. We've got a new world
this morning and as you said the Chung
family but really struggling with with
more than 200 billion Hong Kong dollars
in liabilities and and a lot of that
really tied to the 11 skies project.
Really fascinating insights on Adrien
Chen and the personality around him as
well and maybe how some people were just
afraid to say
>> no and and maybe that's not such a great
idea to build a mega mall right next to
the airport.
>> Yeah. And the great piece from Shauna
and her team is basically is this the
the cautionary tale for for all these
other tycoons? uh as they go through
succession plans, transitions, and the
like here for the next generation. Uh
yeah, so that's certainly one to watch
for New World here as well. We'll
continue to check how the rest of these
markets are doing. Looks pretty good
right now. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Continue
to watch Home Developer New World here
after posting a second straight year of
losses. We just talked about the stock
down some 8% here right now as it
continues to struggle from a weak
property market and debt pressures.
Losses topped $2 billion as we just told
you there really capping another
challenging year even as the firm tries
to ease a cash crunch. Yeah, that's
actually the the topic of today's big
take. It's looking at New World's
troubles, how it's also become a
cautionary tale perhaps for the city's
other tycoons and their heirs. Uh let's
bring in our Hong Kong real estate
reporter Shaquin who joins us now. So
Shauna, really great reporting.
>> I think we can just start off though
with with the results that we got on
Friday and what exactly we learned
further about the company's troubles.
>> Yeah, so I think what we learned is that
the crisis continues. It records another
year of loss of over two billion
dollars. I think it goes to show that
the Chang family, the billionaire clan
behind New World has to find solutions
for the developer. So for example, um
you know, exploring capital injection
with third party investors that we
reported.
>> Yeah. Um certainly that's one part of
the story, but then your big take really
talks about
>> the the empire and how troubled it is,
but what does it tell you about how are
the tycoons looking at this situation?
What can they learn from it?
>> Yeah. So I think you know from the story
we published today we explore what kind
of you know lessons the new world saga
tells us about the current situation
faced by the local you know family
tycoon families in Hong Kong because the
real estate industry looks very
different from what their founders
encountered decades ago. So analyzers
say that there just more pressure on the
nextgen leaders to innovate and there's
also the issue of inheriting a business
model that might not fit into today's
world. Um we have seen a slump in
property prices for a few years and
there are just no signs that we will go
back to the peak um anytime soon. So I
think the new generation of leaders
really have to find new ways out. It is
challenging though because Adrien Chang
is someone who who tried something
different, is still trying to do things
differently. So what does that tell you
then about the future of other tycoon
families that face those challenges with
a slowing property sector or sluggish
property sector and do need to also
innovate?
>> Yeah, that's a very good question. you
know, from the like looks of it, I think
they're still sticking to what they do
best, that is real estate, but I
wouldn't be surprised if they, you know,
venture into other new industries like
tech, you know, in order to diversify
their businesses.
>> Yeah, I mean, Adrien Chen has been doing
that too with that latest announcement
as well. Tell us more about that.
>> Yeah, exactly. And I mean, looks like
he's moved on from real estate. Um, he's
looking into, you know, digital assets
and then building his cultural empire.
So, I'll be very curious to see, you
know, what, you know, new adventures he
takes on.
>> Yeah. As he as he posted on threads,
right? I am my own light. Nothing could
diminish it. Shauna, great reporting.
Thank you so much for bringing that
story to us. Of course, you can have
more on that big take uh from Shauna
Khan, our real estate reporter. It's on
the terminal also on blubber.com.
>> Plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
It's looking like we have a deal on Gaza
and we'll we'll let you know,
Mr. President. Mr. President,
>> I think it's a deal that will get the
hostages back. It's going to be a deal
that will end the war. Uh it's going to
be a deal with it's going to be peace.
>> That was President Trump there
suggesting there might be a potential
deal to end the fighting in Gaza. He's
set to meet with Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu later on Monday and
that would be the fourth meeting since
he took office. Well, Egypt's foreign
ministers minister rather says Arab
states are in full support of President
Trump's push to end the Israel Hamas war
in Gaza. Speaking to Bloomberg, Bar
Abdulati also told us about the outcome
of last week's meeting between Trump and
officials from Arab and Muslim majority
states.
>> It was very very encouraging. PE
meeting. It was positive, you know, to
hear from President Trump his commitment
as a president of peace to end this ugly
war on Gaza, this aggression, Israeli
aggression uh against innocent people
from our point of view. So um it's this
is very important and encouraging and
also to talk about no annexation to talk
about developing Gaza where people will
stay on their own land and even those
who left their homeland they are
entitled to return back. Those are very
encouraging uh signals of course and
messages.
>> Did everyone leave with a sense of unity
about what the path is and what is
Egypt's role going to be in terms of the
reconstruction? Well, we have a unified
Arab and Muslim position. We are in full
support uh to the uh vision and the plan
of President Trump to bring an end to
the this uh unjustice war against
innocent people in in Gaza. For us, we
have uh um our plan. It's an Arab Muslim
uh plan for early recovery and
reconstructions of Gaza. and it's
endorsed by the international community
including European Union, Japan, uh
Norway, most African countries. And what
next will be as soon as we have a
ceasefire, then we will move ahead with
hosting an international conference in
Cairo.
>> When will that be?
>> Yeah. Well, as soon as we have a
ceasefire, so we are talking about two,
three, maximum four weeks from having a
ceasefire to host it. And we will have
three events. One will be dedicated for
private sector for talking about uh
security arrangement in Gaza, governance
of Gaza. Who would former prime
minister? Do you think he could be like
the governor of this authority?
>> No. No. I mean, we are talking about uh
Palestinian
ownership. Of course, they have to
govern themselves in
>> What do you make of that idea that's
being floated in the press?
Well, again we I'm talking about the
Arab Islamic uh vision and the plan. We
are talking about security arrangement.
We are training uh providing training of
Palestinian policemen. We are accepting
deployment of international forces
within specific parameters. And above
all, the governance of Gaza will be
entrusted to a Palestinian
administrative committee consist of 15
persons, all technocrats, all from Gaza
Strip and they will run Gaza for a
transitional period of time till we
manage to empower the Palestinian
Authority uh to ensure the unity between
Gaza and the West Bank.
And that was the Egyptian foreign
minister Badir Abdeladi speaking with
Bloomberg's Amarie Hordern. Now to some
other stories that we're tracking for
you today. Thailand and Cambodian troops
have clashed in the border area of
northeastern Thailand, exchanging
gunfire and launching grenades. It's the
first such conflict between their forces
since they agreed to a US backed
ceasefire back in July. Troops from both
sides are now monitoring the situation
while Thailand's newly installed prime
minister is expected to take steps to
peacefully resolve the border dispute.
New York City Mayor Eric Adams has ended
his reelection bid. The announcement
follows reports that Adams was
entertaining potential job offers from
the Trump administration and the private
sector. That's in exchange for bowing
out of the race to allow former New York
Governor Andrew Cuomo to challenge
Democratic nominee Zoran Mandani
directly.
Despite all we've achieved, I cannot
continue. My reelection campaign, the
constant media speculation about my
future, and the campaign finance board's
decision to withhold millions of dollars
have undermined my ability to raise the
funds needed for a serious campaign.
UK Prime Minister Kier Starmer has
framed his political survival as his
country's best hope of defeating
populism. Starmer is trying to regain
the faith of Britain's elector amid
complaints his government is not taking
radical enough action on concerns such
as cost of living and migration. In an
interview with the BBC, Starmer drew
political battle lines with Nigel
Farage's Reform UK.
>> We have not had a proposition like
reform in this country ever before.
We've seen it in France and Germany and
plenty of other countries. This is a
different fight. It is a fight about who
we are as a country. It goes to the soul
of our future. It will be heard and uh
and the effects will be there for
generations.
>> Taking another look at markets here this
morning. We are just about 20 minutes
into the session. You got here uh
they're rallying this morning or that
stock is rallying after it reported some
positive uh data from a weight loss drug
trial. So that's one stock we can focus
on here. They're actually looking at
essentially ways to commercialize this
in partnership though with with
companies that the company says are
looking to make serious commitments.
That stopped there. Rare earths as well.
That's another focus for us today
because there's two different things
that Chinese authorities are looking at.
First, they want to have more
exploration of rare earths and precious
metals. But they also want greater
utilization of those rare earths and
precious metals as well. So essentially
greater application of these to sectors
like uh integrated circuits, AI,
humanoids, the lowaltitude economy. So
you're seeing most of these stocks
moving to the upside. Macau casinos,
that's another one to track as well
because we've got these expectations
around how many people are going to be
going to Macau over the Golden Week
holiday. We've got reporting there's
going to be 140,000 on a daily average.
That's actually more than what they had
last year. 150,000 rather was 140,000
last year.
>> Wow. Okay. So continue to see more uh
when it comes to the golden week and
what the expectations are that maybe a
lot of people are heading to Macau uh
for that eight days. It's combined with
a mid-autumn festival. So it's going to
be a longer 8day holiday. So uh Hong uh
China will be shut uh for some time
here. So certainly that's one thing to
watch. I think 22 billion or so trips
are expected.
>> Casual 2.2 billion
>> um is going to be happening in those
eight days as well. In terms of your
China dashboard, this is what looking
like here today. Macau casinos are doing
good. The rest of the markets are doing
pretty well, but Hang is doing a little
bit better offshore than onshore here
right now. And it's really the tech
space that's really kind of driving
things once again, right? Of course, we
talk about Alibaba, that's certainly the
big top performing stock there. Uh just
given Morgan Stanley just upgrading
their price targets for the ADRs,
talking about cloud, talking about all
the like there. Uh CGB yields are
actually slightly lower as well, just
given that we are seeing quite a bit
more uh movement and momentum in the the
equity market now once again. And we're
watching very closely what happens with
dollar China. Quite a bit of strength
there right now. We're at 712 levels for
the currency. Another stock we're
watching as well is UB. That one
actually is getting really strongly. UB
is is one of the the few ways that you
can access the humanoid space in China
in a public stock and that that's a
company that's just reported more
contracts for their industrial humanoid
robots. So you're seeing that stock I
mean gaining as much as 4% today. But
one of the hottest sectors we've seen in
China.
>> Yeah. Robotics. What was it? The optical
transceivers.
I got to get my vocabulary all the
quarters of the market,
>> all the quarters of the AI trade. Um,
it's only one thing to watch of course
as well. But yes, uh, really we're
watching very closely. There's only two
more trading days before that golden
week holiday. So liquidity certainly is
going to be a big thing to watch here in
the next few uh, sessions as well as we
countdown. Of course, we'll have PMI
numbers, golden week numbers that come
through here as well. And with that US
jobs report at the end of the week, that
certainly is going to be a key thing for
investors this week.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session and we are kicking off the last
day, well last two days of the trading
month uh on a pretty good note here
right now. Two days before we countdown
to that golden week holiday of course in
China. So, we're up about 1% here right
now. We trimmed some of the gains, but
still we're talking about 1% not too
shabby here on this Monday morning. And
really, I think that industrial profit
number was enough to really extend this
rally once more.
>> Yeah, because I think it's telling
investors the government's serious about
curbing anti-involution and maybe
companies as well are starting to to
take notice of that. So, you perhaps
seeing some some early early signs of it
bearing fruit. But in terms of what's
actually moving the most, it's still the
tech story today and and we're talking
about Alibaba in particular. you've been
mentioning, of course, we got that
Morgan Stanley price target upgrade to
$200 US per share. Uh they're very
optimistic on the cloud story. They're
very optimistic on on the increased
spending that we saw announced at their
their conference last week, their
internal conference at Sara, but overall
it's it's a tech story today. We've been
talking about how that's also been
broadening. I mean, we don't often talk
about optical transceivers, but uh we
are today. Hey, I mean they're an
essential component for for AI data
centers and and we see Chinese providers
that are really some of the biggest
suppliers not just into Chinese
companies but into big tech in the US as
well. But that's the story there with
with Asia tech. But let's take a look at
Asia XC China today as well because it's
not as positive essentially. I mean
you're seeing that sort of decline there
in the nicke that's that's sort of
dragging down the broader gauge. It's
still holding on to some modest gains
but we had I mean a pretty good day on
Wall Street on Friday. Yeah. and and the
PCE data really confirming these
expectations around further easing to
come.
>> Yeah, Taiwan is shut for a holiday. So
maybe that's why we are seeing uh that
absent here as well. But certainly when
it comes to the bond market, it's going
to be all about that job support and
whether it does anything to shake up
it's almost like you know nonwavering
sort of conviction that the Fed's going
to cut in October. Is there anything in
the headline that's going to change that
view is certainly quite telling. But
then again it all comes down to whether
the government in the US can actually
avoid that shutdown as well. So that
might actually risk the release of that
data. So certainly that's one thing to
watch. Uh but yeah, as you mentioned 149
for dollar yen right now still seeing
some strength when it comes to uh the
currency there uh with dollar yen. Uh it
brings up really the week ahead and
what's to come, right? So we talk about
the jobs report. Uh China PMI is going
to be quite interesting as well because
you know what you saw in the industrial
profit numbers is good. People say it's
it's encouraging. you're starting to see
a bit of reflation, the expectation
that, you know, profit margins are going
to look a little bit better moving
forward, but the demand picture still
needs to hold up for the, you know, this
this this picture to be more complete.
So, you know, obviously the PMI numbers,
we'll we'll look for that. Golden week
numbers that come out maybe at the end
of next week. So, certainly that's going
to be the key thing to watch here. Uh,
we talk about all these things like RBA,
RBI decision as well. Uh also when it
comes to you know Zing gold that's the
big one there that listing that was
delayed uh by a day supposed to be
happening today but now happening
tomorrow because of that typhoon that's
certainly one to watch and of course we
still have that LDP election and then of
course jobs report on Friday from the
US. Yeah, that's right. I'll just
correct myself from the last hour. Zjing
gold was supposed to be today and as you
said, listing tomorrow, but a really,
really big one when you take a look at
Zjin Mining as well, the rally we've
seen in that stock, but let's get more
on what markets are looking out for.
Bloomberg MI strategist Mark Cranfield
joins us now from Singapore. So, I think
Mark, there's a lot there's there's the
China story, there's the US story,
>> there's other data points as well to
watch. What's going to be most important
for you, do you think?
I think one of the interesting things
you you're seeing here with those those
Chinese tech stocks getting off to to a
good start this week. It's not just
about the still the AI narrative being
positive, but in a way they're they're
looking past the the National Day
holidays in China and investors are
saying to themselves, well, well, what
if the US market goes up another 5%
while we're on holiday? There'd be such
a huge catch-up. It's an unusual
scenario. Sometimes we go into this week
of Chinese holidays in a very subdued
mood. people just want to go quietly
into the holiday. Maybe they shed a bit
of exposure and and the markets are a
little bit run down. That's not the case
at all this time around. Those
industrial profits are certainly a good
factor, but also I think people are are
concerned here as we go into the fourth
quarter. Things are looking very
positive across globally for markets
here. You've got still the promise of
the Federal Reserve lowering interest
rates. Bond yields are certainly not
threatening to derail anything. In fact,
they may even go a bit lower if the jobs
report is a soft one this week. And so,
by the time China comes back from its
holidays by the middle of next week, it
could find itself lagging behind the US
market by quite a bit, particularly if
the the big tech stocks in America
continue to do well. So, you've got a a
self-reinforcing situation here, which
is is good for for investors in in Asia
as much as it is for the rest of the
world. So, a different dynamic to what
we've seen going into Chinese holidays
than before.
Yeah, usually you see a bit of profit
taking as you say. Um, it's interesting
too when you take a look at the AI
trade. There's a great story in the
Bloomber that talks about it's not
really about the MAG 7. Now that's
almost like a pace. Now we're focusing
on other sorts of names like the likes
of Oracle, Broadcom, the like and you
know all these different acronyms like
the Fab 4, Big Six, Elite 8. You
whatever you name it right now, right?
But it seems like there's so many ways
to slice and really dice this AI trade
still. Mark.
>> Well, I think if you're an aggressive
equity trader, you've already decided
that the MAG 7 is interesting, but is
not the main story this year, especially
you've already moved on to some of those
other names like the oracles, the
Broadcoms, those kind of people. They've
been Palanteer have been producing much
better numbers in terms of the market
moves. It doesn't mean to say that
people are giving up on companies like
Apple and Microsoft, those kind of
people. if they continue to produce very
good profits and this earning season
which is coming up will start soon in
October it's probably going to be
another decent earning season because
we're still in the buildup phase of AI
related so even those magnificent seven
companies who maybe are not as much
invogue as they were but they're still
likely to produce very decent profits
when they announce in the coming few
weeks on top of that you've also got the
added momentum of some relatively new
names or some old companies like Oracle
who come back into to play because of
the data centers and other issues. So
it's really you've got them feeding on
one another and if anything now instead
of having a Mac 7 now we have a Mac 12
or Mac 13 there's several big companies
in the US but also in the rest of the
world who are feeding into this as well
for the moment nobody wants to call a
top maybe things are beginning to look a
little bit like a bubble but there could
be quite a way to go before people say
hey this is enough and we don't want to
take it any further and it may well run
into year And
>> that's what I want to ask about as well.
I mean, you're sort of you're saying
that we're setting up for a rally into
year end. What is that going to look
like? And then what else are you
watching this week as well? Because
we've got the tenan survey as well.
You've been writing about the the dollar
yen and where it trades from here too.
>> Yeah, I think if you take the if you
take Japan, this this Tenan report, it
really only needs to be in line. It just
needs to meet expectations and that's
probably the last thing the Bank of
Japan need to know so they can
successfully go ahead and raise interest
rates in October. The thing is though if
you look at under Governor UEA he's
increased interest rates a few times but
the distance between each one has been
pretty big several months. The last one
we had was in the early part of this
year by the time we get to one in
October if we get that. It's a huge gap
between the rate hikes. So nobody's
expecting that the Bank of Japan will be
doing successive hikes. It could be
another 6 months before we get the next
one. So the Japanese markets can absorb
that pretty easily. They would have
priced it in by now anyway. More
interesting probably is that we see a
bit of flattening in the JGB curve as
people are less concerned about issuance
at the very long end of the curve. So
even even Japan is not really going to
be a drag on the global markets. The
biggest threat really to the whole good
mood in in markets really is
geopolitics. If something goes wrong in
terms of the trade wars, if if China and
the US are no longer friendly to each
other, they've got this this truce for
the time being, they keep on talking
more about um reducing tariffs from each
side, working together. As long as that
theme holds true, then it's generally
very good news for financial markets. If
the US and China fall out, all bets are
off. We could get a repeat of liberation
day back in April, but that is not the
base scenario that most people are
expecting in the next few months.
>> This jobs report from the US. Mark, how
important is it this week?
>> It's a it's a big deal, but it's really
just a a need a knee-jerk reaction as
much as anything. Even if the numbers
are better than expected, people will
probably only trade it for a couple of
hours. the the underlying picture has
been consistently shown to be a
weakening US employment situation. We
had very big revisions to the numbers
for the last 12 months. Fed people are
showing caution towards it. They're
they're showing concern that the jobs
market is already cooling down. So the
the bigger picture is that the Fed are
ready to lower interest rates again.
This number this week will just be seen
as a one-off number. That's not going to
derail them from wanting to lower
interest rates. Really, the only thing
it will tell you about is really for
2026.
If we get a a series of good job
numbers, it could slow down the the rate
cuts for next year. This year is
probably pretty much cast in stone. We
are going to get lower interest rates.
That that's almost a given and it'll be
very surprising if this jobs number
pushes back against that.
>> Mark, thank you. Mark Cranfield there
kicking off the week with us some mive
strategist joining us from Singapore.
Coming up, we have more details on
President Trump's deal to sell Tik Tok
with sources saying its Chinese parent
company will likely get about half of
the profits from the US operations. That
scoop is next. This is a China show.
[Music]
All right, as focus on geopolitics right
now, the Wall Street Journal are
reporting saying that Beijing is seeking
a significant concession from the Trump
administration when it comes to Taiwan.
It wants Trump to officially oppose
Taiwan independence. Let's bring in our
chief North Asia correspondent, David
Angle. He's here right now. Uh what now
as both sides really try to line up a
meeting next month between Trump and
she? Yeah, it's a big ask if that's this
is indeed what Beijing is is pushing for
and they probably are because we do know
back in 2023 uh when she met Biden on
the sidelines of APEC then in San
Francisco uh there was wide reporting
that Xiinping did ask the Biden
administration to go along those same
lines and that is essentially be more
definitive rather than the long-standing
US policy of strategic ambiguity when it
under the umbrella of the Taiwan
Relations Act on how it views Taiwan and
the one China policy. The US
acknowledges the one China policy. It
does not though fully endorse Beijing's
view of the one China policy. The status
quo is kind of how it's always been. Uh
strategic ambiguity is another way of
they've often referred to it. Now what
Beijing tried to get the Biden
administration and previous
administration to do is to come out and
essentially which would sort of change
not only the semantics but the tone of
US intent and that is to change uh their
their wording where right now they do
not support independence those that's
the wording from the state department
they want Beijing wants the US to kind
of and Donald Trump in particular to
oppose uh the efforts by President Lying
and his push for independence even
though of course Lingda has not stated
that they are pushing for independence
they are essentially already de facto
independent right so again it's it's
semantics yes but this would be a a
seismic shift in US tone uh from neutral
to aligning more with what Beijing sees
as a red line issue
>> it would be really significant and I
think it's also are really important
when you think about that sort of
unofficial deadline that people talk
about 2027 being the year that China
wants to be ready to launch an invasion
against Taiwan. So this story maybe will
continue to get more traction but how
realistic is it for them to ask this do
you think from Beijing because as you
said they've asked this in the past and
they haven't they haven't got what they
wanted. I think it's very realistic that
they will ask how realistic will it
happen. That's a short amount of time
between now and when they're supposed to
meet she and Trump on the sidelines of
APEC. And it is a huge ask and the the
the wild card here is Donald Trump. We
simply do not know if that is something
that is Taiwan on the table. That's the
ultimate question. uh and that would be
a very big um issue I think in the
Western Pacific and the geopolitical
dynamic in this part of the world if
that was one of the concessions that the
United States might be able to give to
Beijing to reach a trade deal to reach a
repro if you will with Beijing if there
were other tradeoffs that would be a
massive one. This is coming at a time
when the US and the Taiwan relationship
has been a bit unstable, I guess you
could say. I mean, obviously
>> the US Taiwan relationship.
>> Yes. Yes. I mean, it seems like they've
been delaying military aid, the like
that was obliging to trip
>> that was basically removed and canled
because you know the US has remains to
be unwilling to comment on the whole
situation.
>> Well, Trump no doubt wants to have a
meeting with Xiinping. He wants to have
face to face. wants to go to Beijing uh
as the White House has said in the early
part of 2026, uh he has to give the
impression that he is taking a bit of a
harder line stance and if even the
possibility that this change of verbiage
on Taiwan is a possibility, Beijing will
continue to engage. No doubt. Uh if
they're more consiliatory and sell arms
to Taiwan and also welcome Lingua to the
White House, all those bets are off.
Yeah,
>> really wanted to watch very closely, but
I mean deterrence has just been such a
fundamental aspect to US strategy in
this region. But that was our chief
North Asia correspondent there, Steven
Angel. And of course, President Trump,
he's a dealsman. And and the key one
that we're watching is Tik Tok. And what
Bloomberg's learned about that and and
the fate of Tik Tok in the US is that
Bike Dance, which is the Chinese parent,
is likely going to be receiving about
50% of the profit from the platform's US
operations. That's even after it sells
its majority ownership to American
investors. So for more on this scoop,
let's bring in our tech reporter, Newly
Pernell, who joins us. So newly, this
sort of seems to be quite favorable for
for bite dance right now.
>> Yeah, I'd say so. You know, there's been
I mean, this seems to be the deal that
people have been talking about forever
that's never really come through and
there's the fate of Tik Tok and its 170
million users in the US has sort of been
up in the air. But yeah, an interesting
twist. Um it seems like it would be a
pretty good um a pretty good deal for
Beijing in which um yeah they would they
would they would they would get money
for the sale and then also share in
future revenues um for uh for its
operations. So of course um what's uh of
course we have to keep in mind is that
Beijing has incumbent on this and they
would need to ascent to the deal. So so
far it's a lot of um uh you know US
officials talking about it JD Vance and
others. We have to wait and see but yeah
it would it seemed to be a pretty
favorable deal for Beijing if it
happens. The price tag was a bit
confusing though from
>> JD Vanz right I think he referenced 14
billion which people were sort of
scratching their heads thinking that's
below the upwards of 40 billion we'd
he'd as a potential valuation but if you
consider that that would be the the the
price tag for the sale but then also
they would receive revenues in this
profit sharing that might make sense.
>> What about Oracle's role in this as
well? Because that's sort of been one of
the the big unknowns exactly how are
they going to be managing this
technology? How are they keeping it
independent? What do we know about how
that's progressing too?
>> Right. Of course, they're said to be one
of the parties that's um bidding to take
it over along with Silver Lake and
others. And some critics have said,
well, of course, they took
responsibility for handling US users
data under this arrangement called
Project Texas. And some critics have
said, well, if if this this deal comes
comes to fruition, it really would be
sort of uh Project Texas 2.0, or as one
critic said, Project Texas with a fresh
coat of paint. Um, some people say,
well, really this doesn't go far enough
because if Beijing would still have a
board seat in some new entity, um, and
the the user data would continue to be
managed by or by Oracle and that um, if
if the new entities would be able to
oversee algorithm is so complicated. Um,
would they really be able to have
independence? Is this really just what
we've got now on steroids?
>> Yeah. So then, because you mentioned
earlier about we've got to get that sign
off from from China, what about the sign
off from the US as well?
>> Right. Right. remains to be seen. I
think it's one of the questions that
that we don't know how how this
infrastructure might work. Um but yeah,
lots of lots of questions still up in
the air. Um one thing that's interesting
to me as I review all of this again is
just how influential, you know, Tik Tok
is in the US. I said 170 million users.
That's one of every two one out of every
two people in America. And twothirds of
people under the age of 30 are regular
Tik Tok users. So hugely valuable. Um,
one of the reasons that people have
criticized it being in Beijing's hands
is that um, we don't know how the
algorithm works and how it's serving
content to young people in America.
Trump has said it's been really
important in his election. Um, so just
another reminder for me personally um,
just how important this platform is and
what's in the balance here as we talk
about what's going to happen next.
>> It's really kind of emerged as a a big
negotiating tool in the whole USChina
thing which maybe a year or two ago it
wasn't. Um, it just kept you know
kicking the can down the road. Julie,
thank you so much. Julie Pernell there,
our Bloomberg tech reporter here in our
Hong Kong studios. We got plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China Show. Well, we
are nearly an hour into the session and
really there's a standout today and
that's H shares. We're seeing uh Hong
Kong markets doing doing well. They're
actually outpacing what we're seeing in
mainland ASA as well. But it is that
sort of story we're getting around is
China really becoming investable once
again. Uninvestable was sort of the tag
back in 2021, but it does seem like the
narrative is is pretty sizably shifting
now. It brings me back to this
conversation we had during our
subscriber event last week with Shulie
Ren saying, you know, how did China
become
>> go from uninvestible to irresistible,
right?
>> I love that.
>> Um, and a lot of it has to do with the
whole the whole theme of
self-sufficiency, right? This whole AI
innovation, the breakthroughs that we're
seeing. First it was deepseek and now
you're seeing that second wave of it
when it comes to Alibaba and the like.
And she says, look, I AI can actually be
still, you know, competitive against the
US if China stays practical, right? when
it, you know, they don't need the most
high-end chips. They can use what they
have now and still be able to come
through with a lot of innovation and
technology. And that's really kind of
the narrative.
>> That's sort of interesting as well
because I think a long time the story
around China was that yes, they had AI,
but they didn't have access to that
high-end technology. But now we're
hearing more and more breakthroughs in
terms of their semiconductors that have
specific use cases. And also I mean
we've been talking about optical
transceivers this morning but an
essential part of of AI data centers and
how Chinese companies again they they
are so prevalent in that not just for
Chinese uh data centers or or cloud
providers but also for the hyperscalers
over in the US. So it's sort of a
broadening out of the rally and and a
reappreciation that China actually
controls a lot more of the supply chain
than many people really thought about
initially.
>> Yeah. And there's now a bit of a I guess
you could say a FOMO sort of aspect to
it. people saying that there's a fear of
missing out of this rally and you know
can you still chase it is certainly one
thing but you're starting to see when it
comes to foreign inflows and the
interest back into this market that we
haven't seen since 2021 and that was
when we heard the whole uninvestable tag
>> I think we we've got a terminal chart on
this actually but it sh shows the
isshares China ETF and you're starting
to see fund flows into that really
picking up and it's coming at the
expense we're talking about this with
Gareth Nicholson from the for instance
you know money's flowing out of say
India that was such an investor darling
in 2024 back into Chinese equities
because you see the exchina ETF, that's
the line in blue, and that's trending
down. So, as investors go back into
China, where are they taking their money
from? And as well, you've been
discussing this morning, I mean, maybe
we're not talking so much about the MAG
7 anymore because you've got so many
different acronyms that are being thrown
around, so many different numbers. Is it
four? Is it eight? Is it 12? The point
is is that is that the sort of the shine
seems to have come off the MAG 7 as we
know it just a little bit.
>> Yeah. Is the Mag 7 still the best
representation in terms of AI? Right.
That's the lingering question here. But
um you could say that with when it comes
to China too, right? There's so many
sort of themes and names as you say,
optical transceivers that we can look
into. Uh even CL even has a bit of an AI
flare to now as well. So certainly
that's why you know you're starting to
see the thematic sort of investing very
much uh gaining momentum in China and
maybe that's what continues. But that
industrial profit number I have to say
again is another confidence boost for
this market that perhaps you know all
this policy towards you know
anti-involution is starting to actually
have some traction now and it is going
to improve maybe profit margins moving
forward
>> and I think it's interesting actually
when you sort of contrast and we can get
into the movers now but but it's it's
sort of like that strength and that
resilience you see in the Chinese
economy against the US for instance and
the trade war you're actually seeing
sort of concerns building and and that's
why you're going back into havens like
gold for instance rising again this
morning but it is that haven demand
you've got those US shutdown concerns
and that's really feeding into the
narrative around that but you can take a
look at how gold is trending today again
going back to what Gareth Nicholson was
saying from Nura he's very optimistic on
silver and he's saying that that the
chase is on going back to the 2011 peak
for that
>> yeah I think silver is kind of do a
catch-up story with what what's been
going on with gold and and we continue
to see that so yeah it's crazy to think
right when you have equity markets that
are hitting all these milestones and
gold is still at a record right what
does tell you about really uh the state
of things here. Energy stocks certainly
in focus as well given what we saw with
oil prices. We did see that drop uh
earlier in the session here on the back
of signs that potentially OPEC plus
might be looking to boost output once
again. Uh there you go. You're seeing
actually the energy space uh look pretty
good right now uh in in in the region
here. Petrochina's up one and a half%. S
Oil in Soul is up some 4% here right
now. Uh, and we're watching the EV
supply chain as well, or even just the
EV side of things here, just given some
of these export rules that came out from
Chinese regulators last week. Yeah, this
one I find super interesting. So, from
January 1, automakers are going to need
permits to export EVs. It sort of brings
it in like what you see with other
autos, motorbikes as well. But you are
just seeing a mixed reaction to that
stock. So, generally moving higher like
we see for Hong Kong across the board.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading that lunch break here in a
moment and we are continue to see some
downside when it comes to Japanese
shares are down about 1%. Topics is down
close to 2% here right now. Uh the
strength of the currency could be one
factor here. We're getting closer to 148
149 levels uh for dollar yen. So some
strength there. Uh but certainly one
thing to watch is also that Sony
Financial Group uh that first day of
listing there. we are seeing initially
was about 30% above that reference price
as well. So certainly that's one thing
to watch here today. Asia Pacific though
is doing a little bit better. Uh Japan's
dragging things but you are seeing Hong
Kong have quite a bit of momentum behind
this rally now.
>> Yeah and in Hong Kong it's really the
tech story because you're seeing for
instance Alibaba really leading the
gains today but you've got other names
in the green as well like Quai for
instance. Again that's sort of that AI
story. Uh otherwise I mean the story
around stocks is also just what we had
on the Friday session in the US optimism
there. We had the the preferred uh
inflation gauge coming up for the Fed
pretty much in line with expectations.
So telling us that uh that that bet
around Fed easing is is still very much
intact. But of course we are coming up
into the golden week holiday. It's it's
going to be a really big one to track
just off the back of any sort of
consumption data we get and and and what
do we learn about how consumers are
fairing in the mainland markets. That is
going to be really a key theme for us to
be tracking. Uh it also comes of course
you've got millions of people set to be
traveling. You got shops dining during
the period. Uh of course this whole
thing kicks off on Wednesday of this
week, but perceptions are really
starting to shift when it comes to to
brand China. So let's get more of that
China correspondent Mim Lo here to
explain exactly what what we mean by
that.
>> Yeah, we're talking about this because
this year we've been starting to see a
noticeable a slow but gradual a slow but
significant shift to favorability
towards China. So you can see on this
chart is done by morning s morning
consult. It's a survey in the first half
of the year and you can see the orange
line here. The favorability towards
China has been increasing while the
favorability towards the US has been
declining. And this coincides with
similar results that we got from Pew
Research as well. And you flip the
board, you can see that Pew Research
also found that among Americans, you can
see that those who have a very
unfavorable opinion of China has
declined by about 10 percentage points
on year. And over here those who feel
that China is an enemy of the US has
also declined quite significantly. Now
of course there could be many reasons
for this. It could be because of
policies out of the US confidence in
President Trump and US leadership and
perhaps because China has been one of
the few countries that has been standing
up to those terrorists. But at the same
time it's undeniable that this year has
seen a a huge you know influx of Chinese
brands that really made waves globally.
You think about Popmark, those designer
toys, uh, and you can see artificial
intelligence, electric vehicles, Laug
Go, one of the homegrown luxury brands
that really has been gaining traction
this year. And Ca Beauty, take a look at
that picture there. There are many of
these brands that use the Chinese
motives that are, you know, really part
of the packaging. And gone are the days
when Chinese brands used to want to try
to remain incognito. Now many brands are
really proudly declaring their Chinese
roots. And the question now is whether
or not Chinese soft power has the breath
and the depth of brands in Korea and
Japan for example. Because you think of
those two countries and you think about
you know Japanese sushi, you think about
anime and manga, K-pop and you know uh K
dramas, they've been getting widespread
reception globally. But if you look at
NA for example, it's been doing really
well domestically but then overseas
really makes reception. So the question
is whether or not China will eventually
be able to have the longevity that
brands like Disney has or become
synonymous with the quality and
intricate intricate designs that
Japanese brands have.
>> All right. Very very interesting. M.
Thank you. M Lo there our China
correspondent on um really what what
this whole soft power story is not just
about Luboo's as you say right. It's
also when it comes to she and fashion
brands. It's about uh Tik Tok for
example, gaming which certainly has been
making waves overseas as well. Joining
us now is Ting Fu, author of building
brands with Soul. She has served in
brands and marketing roles at
multinational firms including the likes
of HP, Uni Lever, and Dagio. Uh Tingfu,
it's really great to have you on. I
mean, our our correspondent MLO kind of
highlighted right all these sort of
emerging trends that we're seeing among
the consumer space and and really kind
of making these soft brands very cool.
Why do you think there there is this
kind of you know Chinese brands are
actually now cool? What's driving that?
>> Um hi Annabelle. Hi Ivonne. Thanks for
having me here. Um I think this is just
driven from this whole entire pivotal
moment that we're really facing where
you know Chinese brand is really going
on up outbound and I call it in the
Chinese terms
and in the work that I did uh in terms
of the research you know I've been
actually observing a couple of different
models and the one most significant
model which is what I term it as true
with soul and what does this mean this
primarily means Chinese brands are
really you know looking at what they're
really good at which is all about
innovation and speed and they're
coupling with the western brands
discipline which is bringing in
purposedriven strategies cultural
intelligence and emotional story to
really drive sustainable growth.
>> I am curious though because
>> some great examples. Yes.
>> Continue.
>> Yeah. Some great examples that I'm
seeing is you know the brands of the
like of labubu potmat uh who has really
you know capitalized on the ugly cute
phenomena and even in brands you know
that we see like higher um they're
really innovating and actually uh
understanding cultural codes and product
trends and even brands like ant uh
they're actually adopting you know
nuances into the different cultural
relevance to make the brands cool.
I am curious about Labubu in particular
just being an example of of that shoe
high with soul that you talk about. We
have seen, you know, I mean, we've seen
the the the prices at least sink for for
those in the secondary market, but also
this sort of speculative mania around
them starting to to cool as well. So,
how longlasting can it actually be?
Well, I think their success has been
driven from a really intuitive cultural
human insight. They really capitalize on
this whole phenomenon about ugly and
cute in itself. Um but having said that
they're also starting to adopt this
trend and actually capitalizing on new
emerging trends like their recent
collaboration with luxury brands like
the French uh uh luxury brands Mona and
the whole collaboration is starting to
start the next wave of innovation uh and
taking the brand even f further. Um I
believe that you know this this trend of
innovating and cultural choreography
will continue to drive the momentum.
>> Yeah. Tell us a little more about the
the cultural choreography, right? I mean
as you know we're talking about Alpu
gold where you know heritage gold is is
sort of a key theme where they're not
you know trying to mask the fact that
this is a a Chinese brand anymore.
They're actually proud of it, embracing
it. Do you think what do you think is
behind that sort of cultural emotional
sort of consumption theme now?
>> Well, I think given what we're facing
globally um you know whether you are in
you know parts of Asia or in the parts
of western worlds you're really looking
I mean the Gen Z are really looking that
brands that can really connect with it
with them and actually authentic and
really build trust. I think the trick
which I really articulated in my book on
building brands with soul is to really
find an understanding the cultural
intelligence and really look at the
human tension and really disrupt that in
the cultural fluency. I mean the models
that you have in China um might not
totally work when you high. So the trick
is how do you marry the local cultural
nuances and you take it to the next
level. I think a great example through
the work that I did is you know the
Antar brand. Um you know they recently
you know take the brand into the US. Um
they launch it in Beverly Hills uh in in
a whole fixed uh stores and they
actually you know work with you know
Kyrie Irving their brand ambassador to
bring the brand alive. But on top of
that they started nuancing and bring in
collaboration and they started working
with Ling coffee uh to bring in a great
collaboration and hence making the brand
cool and also connects to the heart of
the young consumers in a slightly
different way. So for me this is what
you know I you know talk about in my
fourth model which is you know um you
know combining the innovation of what
you know China brands are really good at
but really bringing in together the
purpose- driven strategies to write
drive differentiation.
>> You talk about authenticity. I think one
of the the concerns though I when you
have a brand that's trying to build
those authentic connections with
customers abroad and and I think about
say Blackmith Wukong for instance
China's first AAA game that was an
absolute blockbuster success last year
but even with that on the international
stage you still saw concerns around uh
censorship for instance and and you had
a company affiliated with a developer
for instance that was allegedly over um
asking overseas player to avoid
discussing certain topics that were
sensitive in China. So, how do you have
that kind of concern around censorship
in the mainland when you're also trying
to export that model abroad?
I think I think there's no one perfect
answer, but I would really think that um
the new model that I've seen, you know,
being really true to what your brand
stands for, but having that agility and
that nimble uh uh nimble adaptability
to, you know, bring your brand values in
a way that connects uh locally um is
what I think is a real model around that
to really redefine um um the value And
you know given this whole phenomena of
Chinese brand going global or true high
I'm starting to see that the Chinese
brand is starting to make their brand
cool. They actually have their own
heritage but they yet adopting you know
new things and with their speed agility
and this whole mindset of
entrepreneurship um I think the western
brands should start um you know sitting
up and watch out for what's coming.
what what do you see as some of these
challenges for some of these Chinese
brands going abroad? Um, you know,
obviously when it comes to labubas, I
think of one example is is the
protection of IP. You see a lot of, you
know, copies out there and the like, but
what do you see as some of the big risks
out there for some of these Chinese
brands expanding internationally?
I think you know the need of not resting
on the laurels uh in that perspective.
um you know um the need to really
understand who their target audience is
um and to really adapt uh and actually
really going back to what I mentioned
the cultural fluency the cultural
intelligence becomes really important
and you know given in the world that we
live in now uh the ability to adapt you
know win the consumers and the hearts
and minds of consumers becomes really
important
thanks very much for joining us there
that was such fu author of building
brands with soul joining us this morning
from Singapore. And if you're a
subscriber and you want to rewatch that
interview, you can via our interactive
TV function TV go. You can also become
part of the conversation by sending us
instant messages. So do check it out at
TV go. But as we go to break here, just
taking a look at how Chinese markets are
fairing today and you can see again that
outperformance of what's happening in
Hong Kong this morning. So certainly
being led by the tech story and that's
also really being driven by by Alibaba
and that price target upbreak we got
from Morgan Stanley. But investors
really still liking that broader AI
theme. We'll have plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Checking Chinese markets here right now.
And yeah, Hong Kong is doing good as we
kick off this trading week. And of
course, as we wrap up September and
there you go, we're up one and a half%.
His tech is what's driving it. We're up
some 2% right now. And and as Mark
Cranfield mentioned from Mive, right,
it's actually quite unusual to see this
amount of sort of excitement as we get
closer to that golden week holiday.
Usually trading is pretty subdued.
People maybe taking some profits and the
like. That seemed to be last week's sort
of story when it comes to the Hong Kong
story. Uh right now, we are seeing
continued gains here when it comes to
Hong Kong. Shanghai not it's pretty much
flat but CSI 300 now is inching a bit
higher here. We're up about 610 of 1%.
>> Yeah. We're going to also shift across
to to what's going to be a really big
meeting because we've got President
Trump who's set to meet with the Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for
the fourth time uh since he took office
back in January of this year. But
essentially, you've got the US president
uh saying that that an ambitious plan to
end the war in Gaza is nearly complete.
And we also spoke with Egypt's foreign
minister who says that Arab states are
in full support of of President Trump's
push to end the Israel Hamas war in
Gaza. We spoke to Baria Abdulati who
also told us about the outcome of last
week's meeting between Trump and
officials from Arab and Muslim majority
states.
>> It was a very very encouraging pe
meeting. It was positive, you know, to
hear from President Trump his commitment
as a president of peace to end this ugly
war on Gaza, this aggression, Israeli
aggression uh against innocent people
from our point of view. So um it's this
is very important and encouraging and
also to talk about no annexation to talk
about developing Gaza where people will
stay on their own land and even those
who left their homeland they are
entitled to return back. Those are very
encouraging uh signals of course and
messages.
>> Did everyone leave with a sense of unity
about what the path is and what is
Egypt's role going to be in terms of the
reconstruction? Well, we have a unified
Arab and Muslim position. We are in full
support to the uh vision and the plan of
President Trump to bring an end to the
this uh unjustice war against innocent
people in in Gaza. For us, we have um
our plan. It's an Arab Muslim uh plan
for early recovery and reconstructions
of Gaza. and it's endorsed by the
international community including
European Union, Japan, uh Norway, most
African countries. And what next will be
as soon as we have a ceasefire, then we
will move ahead with hosting an
international conference in Cairo.
>> When will that be?
>> Yeah. Well, as soon as we have a
ceasefire, so we are talking about two,
three, maximum four weeks from having a
ceasefire to host it. And we will have
three events. One will be dedicated for
private sector, for talking about uh
security arrangement in Gaza, governance
of Gaza, who former prime minister, do
you think he could be like the governor
of this authority?
>> No. No. I mean we are talking about uh
Palestinian uh ownership. Of course,
they have to govern themselves in
>> What do you make of that idea that's
being floated in the press?
>> Well, again, we I'm talking about the
Arab Islamic uh vision and the plan. We
are talking about security arrangement.
We are training uh providing training of
Palestinian policemen. We are accepting
deployment of international forces
within specific parameters. And above
all, the governance of Gaza will be
entrusted to a Palestinian
administrative committee consist of 15
persons, all technocrats, all from Gaza
Strip and they will run Gaza for a
transitional period of time till we
manage to empower the Palestinian
Authority uh to ensure the unity between
Gaza and the West Bank.
That was the Egyptian foreign minister
Badir Abladi there speaking with
Bloomberg's Amarie Hordern. Now to some
other political stories that we're
following for you today. Thai and
Cambodian troops have clashed in the
border area of northeastern Thailand,
exchanging gunfire and launching
grenades. It's the first such conflict
between their forces since they agreed
to a US backed ceasefire in late July.
Troops on both sides are now monitoring
the situation while Thailand's newly
installed prime minister is expected to
take steps to peacefully resolve the
border dispute. New York City Mayor Eric
Adams has ended his reelection bid. The
announcement follows reports that Adams
was entertaining potential job offers
from the Trump administration and the
private sector. That's in exchange for
bowing out of the race to allow former
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo to
challenge Democratic nominee Zoran
Mandani directly.
Despite all we've achieved, I cannot
continue my reelection campaign. The
constant media speculation about my
future and the campaign finance board's
decision to withhold millions of dollars
have undermined my ability to raise the
funds needed for a serious campaign.
[Music]
UK Prime Minister Kier Starmer has
framed his political survival as his
country's best hope of defeating
populism. Starmer is trying to regain
the faith of Britain's electorate amid
complaints his government is not taking
radical enough action on concerns such
as cost of living and migration. In an
interview with the BBC, Starmer drew
political battle lines with Nigel
Farage's reform UK.
>> We have not had a proposition like
reform in this country ever before.
We've seen it in France and Germany and
plenty of other countries. This is a
different fight. It is a fight about who
we are as a country. It goes to the soul
of our future. It will be heard and and
the effects will be there for
generations.
>> I got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, in terms of what to watch
this week, there's plenty on tap here.
Obviously, when it comes to China PMIs,
that's the next thing, of course, after
we had those big bumper industrial
production numbers over the weekend as
well. So, that happens on Tuesday. Yeah,
the US jobs data, that's going to be the
key one for the bond market here really.
And now that you know, it seems like
it's a near certainty that the Fed's
going to cut based on market pricing.
We'll see if this data changes anything
in any way, right? That comes out on
Friday as well. Of course, our Wall
Street Wall Street RBI, RBA, and I think
tomorrow is going to be the big one for
us, not just with the PMI numbers, but
also that Zujing Gold Hong Kong listing.
>> Exactly. Yeah. I mean, we had that
delayed by a day due to the typhoon last
week, but but it's certainly been an
interesting name, particularly when
you've seen that huge runup in in parent
company ZJ Mining as well over the past
few weeks.
>> Yeah, and certainly it's it's the
perfect timing, right? I mean, take a
look at gold prices here right now.
We've hit another record. Take a look at
precious metals in general, right? You
have gold, silver, and palladium, all of
which are rallying here this morning.
We're at close to 3790 when it comes to
gold. uh silver is is up about 8/10en of
1% and really playing a lot of that
catch-up, but palladium is also doing
very very well here today. We're up some
2% uh for that spot price as well. So
yes, this on the backdrop of you know
equities that still do quite well,
especially we're watching some of these
uh gold miners in China too right now.
>> Yeah, it's an interesting one. I think
it also comes against that backdrop of
other big events this week and it's
certainly that looming US shutdown risk
as well and and how that's sort of
factoring into the equation. Does that
delay the jobs report figures as well?
Uh but this is is the the gold miners in
China and again as you say we're seeing
some gains here across the board.
Another stock or or group of stocks that
we're watching here this morning is uh
the Chinese semiconductor names or
semiconductor link stocks because we've
got more threads. Uh that company's
received approval from the Shanghai
Stock Exchange for its IPO on the star
market. Uh the company's looking to
issue no less than nearly 45 million
shares about 8 billion yuan of the IPO
proceeds to be used in next generation
projects. So they're looking essentially
to become a competitive GPU leader and
and we're certainly seeing that real
reappreciation as we've been discussing
around the semiconductor space in China
and the capabilities of it.
>> Yeah. Uh certainly one to watch there.
Ho CNCR up some 20% here right now.
Another one we're watching is New World
Development. So, at first we were
falling as much as 11%. Here, we've
trimmed a lot of those losses here right
now. We're just down about 1% perhaps
just given the the enthusiasm we're
seeing over all in Hong Kong here today.
That's actually helping the likes of New
World. But this is after we saw the
developer reported another full year of
losses here and really people are now
talking about um a lot of concerns
really about you know whether they
rising leverage risk just given that
they continue to suffer these losses
here as well. Yeah, I think they've got
more than 200 billion Hong Kong dollars
in liabilities. Uh it's been a very
costly mistake and misstep of of the
former CEO Adrien Chang, his 11 skies
project, which was a huge mall tied to
Hong Kong's airport. But certainly that
stock has been under pressure. Let's
also take a look though what's moving to
the upside today and what's driving this
rally. And as we said, it's still that
tech story in China here. If you take a
look at the biggest movers in the tech
space, it's certainly been Alibaba. You
can see Quaisho there. Sense time, uh,
BU, Billy Billy. I mean, these are all
names that are benefiting from that AI
theme in China.
>> Yeah. The only ones that are not moving
are Neo, Xpong, and Xiaomi. Some of
these EV makers potentially maybe some
of those uh new rules from the
government there when it comes to
exports might be really hitting that. We
have plenty more to come. Insight is
next.